<h1>Welcome to my Portfolio Website!</h1>
Thank you for visiting my online portfolio. On this site, you will find a showcase of my skills and experience as a developer.

<h2>Interactive Landing Page</h2>
As soon as you arrive on the site, you'll be greeted by an interactive landing page featuring a cube. By clicking on the different faces of the cube, you can access the following three pages:

<h2>Client Approach</h2>
On the "Client Approach" page, you'll find a list of the business and technical skills that I have mastered over the years. I've included a brief description of each skill to give you an idea of how I can help your business grow and succeed.

<h2>Past Experience</h2>
The "Past Experience" page provides more information about my professional background as a developer. You'll find a list of my previous partners and a description of the projects I've worked on with them. I've included some key takeaways from these projects to give you a better understanding of my capabilities and the value that I can bring to your organization.

<h2>Chess Demo</h2>
The "Chess Demo" page is a fun way to see some of my coding skills in action. You can play a game of chess against different AI computer levels, using the Lichess.org API (You can support this open source organisation here: https://lichess.org/patron). The source code for this demo is available for anyone to view, so you can see the thought and care that goes into my work.

<h2>Responsive Design</h2>
This website was built using ReactJS and has a fully responsive design, which means it will look great and be easy to use on any device, whether you're using a desktop computer, a tablet, or a smartphone. You can even simulate different devices from your desktop to see the responsive design in action. I hope you find it informative and engaging!

<h2>Resources</h2>
The images used on the site include both hand-crafted SVGs as well as those generated using the AI text to image generator MidJourney (https://midjourney.com/). The use of these different types of images allows me to demonstrate a range of abilities and techniques, and they help to make the website visually engaging and interesting. The SVGs are a form of vector graphic, which means they are resolution-independent, can be easily scaled without losing quality and their size is relatively small so the website loads swiftly. The images generated by MidJourney are by the AI and they are optimized to be highly attractive and readable to the visitors.
